good morning everybody and welcome to a
new week today it is exactly 12 days
until exams that's under two weeks a
little bit worried but trying to stay
calm not put too much pressure on myself
and I think that's how I perform best if
I don't stress I'm just heading to my
last 9 a.m. lecture after home that's a
win the 9 AMS are not fine yes this is
off thermodynamics lecture course ending
this morning and then our last lecture
courses end on Friday they've been
really really generous this year and you
like have a whole week between your
lectures ending and exam starting a
whole week they're giving us of no
lectures to learn the new stuff before
exam stuff isn't that kind of them it's
not like I've got the whole rest the
year to revise as well help but it's
gonna be fine
the Sun has come out today so I say that
as I'm walking into the shade but the
Sun is out today so it's quite nice
what
everyone so I'm back from lectures I've
had a quick lunch
I just made myself a sandwich because
it's quick it's easy it's cheap and then
I've been watching Made in Chelsea
because yes I like trash TV reality TV
is great don't judge me I am gonna go to
the library very shortly
like I'm gearing up to go to the library
in about ten minutes time because the
thing is I just haven't been working as
well in my room I just I just don't
concentrate I get distracted so easily
whereas in the library everyone else
working the atmosphere just makes me
work and also my desk and papers is just
a complete mess like look at all these
papers looking at that while I'm
revising next to it just stresses me out
I don't want to be revising in a mess so
I just leave my room and go revise in
the library where it's not messy when
Sabinas I should probably just hide in
my room up and file my papers away okay
so it is now 20 to 3 and no I'm not in
the library but it's not my fault there
was a slight change of plan basically
someone from the college maintenance
department turned up to clean my balcony
because my balcony has been literally so
dirty so mossy and slippery I put in a
maintenance request to see if the
college would clean it and I'm really
impressed like I literally put in the
request yesterday and already someone's
turned up today and cleaned it check it
out it's been scrubbed down I feel that
I go to the library at this point I'd
have to leave my stuff there over dinner
and then go back in the evening to make
it worth it good evening guys so I've
just had barbecue and like I was
dreading it because CAF BBQ is the worst
meal of the week it's like a bad CAF I
don't want to a magic trick
choose that card yeah what's my god is
that it anyway guys before is
interrupted no I'm just gonna try my
first ever set of pink grapefruit Fanta
so excited I love pink grapefruits so I
thought why won't I like this oh my god
it tastes like pink grapefruit right
sure that's weird
yeah I don't think you'll like it
already see this is where the update is
guys I've now agreed to participate in a
magic trick and I've chosen the card and
apparently doesn't know my gosh I don't
know your car's found my cards I'd like
no I'd like to shuffle the cards every
time before I piss off see I can just
last time we tried this trick I shuffled
the cards I was like yeah you can choose
your card and then he's like I know
you've ruined the trick now hello so
I've literally just sat around and
chatted to my friends for a few hours
turns out I'm quite good at that it
really shows this time of year how good
I am at procrastinating it's a skill I
have I'm actually taking myself back to
the library now I need to pick up my
laptop charger and I'm gonna go do two
or three hours work we'll see so yeah
I've come back from the library early
just because I'm literally dying of
period pains my uterus hates me I've
taken some ibuprofen I'm just gonna get
into some comfy clothes hey peeps so I'm
feeling a little bit better I am back to
work always on it I've arranged to go
for a run tomorrow morning and I'm
meeting Henry so I have no choice but to
get up and go for the run otherwise I'd
be letting Henry down so it's quite a
good way of making myself get up and go
for the run even though I'm really not
feeling it tomorrow morning I am loving
running at the minute guys it's just
such a good way to clear your mind
it just gets me out of bed and it's like
the best way to get my day off to a
productive start yeah so I want to get
an early night I didn't get much sleep
last night which was my own fault to be
fat because last night had a social had
like a cocktail evening
I stayed up and chatted to my friends
until the early hours of the morning
despite the fact I had a 9 o'clock
lecture in the morning but you know who
knows what goes through my mind
sometimes ok so it's just past 8 o'clock
and I'm a little bit of a sweaty mess
I've just been on a run my hair needs a
good old wash plant is to tie up some of
the quantum physics stuff I was doing
yesterday and get started on some math
stuff today I have got some maths work
that technically is doing tomorrow but
my supervisor was like don't bother
doing the question sheet if you don't
think you're gonna answer the questions
in the exam because we get a choice of
questions in our maths exam I'm
definitely not going to choose this
particular topic but still I think I
should do some maths work today to be
honest this evening I want to sit down
and actually count the days I have left
count all the topics I want to review
again and kind of timetable it we've
kind of abandoned any sort of timetable
at the moment and I just feel like I
need the structure back in my life so
I've been sitting here for a few hours
now doing some quantum mechanics
practice passed paper questions I've not
been going through them at the pace I'd
like to literally I think I've got stuck
on every single question but you know
it's a process and we're getting there
and all this practice it's gonna help me
in the long run so we're just gonna
persevere with it I need to go and buy
milk I don't know if I've updated you on
this one
obviously I used to share milk with Tim
and Yuja and it was all going well I had
an eye out for all the milk thieves and
you know they didn't mess with me I
don't take on milk it was fine the issue
was we shared blue milk as in the full
fat milk because Tim likes to drink full
fat milk and so I was like you know what
I need green milk so I'm gonna have to
leave the coalition it was sad but I
break it to them now it's just the two
of them and I mean I think they're
struggling without me but now I have
joined a new milk
it's quite big one so it's me at Emma
and Ella and we're just rotating who
buys milk yes that's the update with
milk milk situation is is good at the
moment
milk has been obtained in the shopping
bag Minnie Mouse because I'm not cool
I've just got back from my supervision
I had this afternoon and I've just lie
down on my bed and gone big sigh really
I don't know I'm just starting to not
believe in myself again which I do every
single time I have any sort of exam I
was doing some practice questions this
morning and they all just felt pretty
impossible how am I supposed to do these
in the exam under time conditions well I
can barely do them having spent like
over an hour on one question okay right
let's get going
pity party over let's actually go revise
so I have a hope of doing well in these
exams
hey everyone so I'm out on the sports
things this evening
here's Edie and I've been skipping and a
pimple girlie and now I'm just seeing
down someone out and I'm watching these
guys I might have a hit of the Boyar
moment we'll see go on Emma
woo sports I'm going to do some work now
I thought it wasn't fair me just beating
everyone I should about everyone else
you know forget the game with everyone
on the same level okay yeah there they
are they've got a bit of work to do if
there's I feel different in coaching
back to work I'm just finishing up work
for the evening I haven't done as much
work as I would have liked to this
evening but that's how it sometimes goes
and I think it's important to still let
myself have time to socialize and have
fun times I've actually only got one
lecture tomorrow or technically I have
to but I'm missing one of them because
I've decided I'm not going to answer
questions on that topic in the exam
I'm just being tactical at this point I
don't think it would be a good use of my
time to go to these lectures so I'm not
gonna go I did a little bit of filing
away in sorting all of papers today
probably couldn't tell from the state of
the papers down there but yeah morning
everyone so I
I've been working this morning and it's
been really nice not to have lectures
this morning I'm actually skipping a
lecture right now how rebellious am i
but as I explained the lectures not
really relevant to my current plan for
exams I'm about to head off to my one
lecture of the day okay lovely sunny
weather on the way to the lecture on
time this is one of the last lectures of
the year
on oka this is that's this one yeah that
one was on the whole time that's one Oh
mitosis ready but guys that make toast
as well hello everyone I make myself a
DP at this evening dippy egg and
soldiers here are my soldiers here are
my dippy eggs this used to be one of my
favorite childhood sweets so I'm very
excited
I've been doing some work this evening
what's changed in an ideal life I would
get eight hours of work done during the
day productive morning productive
afternoon that's me done literally could
have the evening off in an ideal world
now actually your girl here who likes to
procrastinate a lot and I'm sure I'm not
alone in that I'm sure a lot of you
watching are very good at
procrastinating you might even be better
than me I mean I'm not that bad as the
revision period has gone on I've started
to lose focus a bit and I have started
to procrastinate more than I was like at
the start the revision period because I
was fresh and now I'm just not fresh
hopefully I'm not the only student like
this I'm pretty sure I'm not I just take
too long a lunch break and then I get
distracted and I'm like oh I could do
this this morning oh I might just you
know go on my phone for 20 minutes
no stop doing that page I'm still
managing to get done like at least eight
hours per day which i think is pretty
good going just by working in the
evenings as well this photo was taken at
the end of exams last year and we're
celebrating we're happy end of exams
this moment this year is three weeks
away I'm so excited I'm just going to
look forward to that good morning
everyone
oh it's sunny outside so this morning I
went for a run with Ella Edie and Henry
we've got a whole running club going on
and I pushed myself further than I ever
normally go treated myself to CAF
breakfast afterwards which was very good
afternoon everyone
so being the kind person that I am I've
offered to do the supervision work run
again this week so I'm taking everyone's
work over to the physics labs where my
supervisors pigeonhole is so that we'll
get marked before our supervision
tomorrow it's going to take me just over
half an hour I reckon to get there drop
off the work and then it will be
captured okay so that's the last work
handing of the year at the Cavendish
complete also I had my last math
supervision for the year today
so that means except my supervisor is
around and he will be around to like
answer questions and stuff but I haven't
got any scheduled supervisions
which is quite scary the year is
basically coming to an end so ahead of
me this is the 1b lab and you can see
all the chairs stacked up because it's
the end of the year but then see here
it found booths have been put in that is
where I'm gonna be I'm not that long
couple of weeks time and my bike is
still going strong he remembers when I
first got this bike I remember going to
crack this from the hire shop doesn't
feel that long ago it's actually been
quite a while everyone so this evening
of being you know really productive with
my work I'm doing some origami this is
gonna be an owl shortly
whistling which Slayer right this is
right right Richland okay good morning
everyone so I've been to the wrist for
coffee and cake this morning and I was
quite productive as well some police of
myself but now I'm not happy because
I've just opened my pocket mirror in my
bag look at that crack you know what
cracking a mirror means seven years bad
luck it's not good timing I've got exams
coming up I really don't need bad luck
right now anyway I'm heading off to my
last lectures of the year these are my
last two I'm actually going to maths
lectures today I've decided to on give
up on the topic that I was going to give
up on so maybe I shouldn't have skipped
the lecture on Wednesday but basically I
had a really good supervision yesterday
where it all became clear so now I'm not
giving up on that topic anymore I'm
going to more lectures then that's
lectures done hallelujah then a week to
the exams
last time you see them final lecture
done I'm not gonna have lectures with
these guys anymore
they'll miss me I'm going crazy so you
probably like page where have you been
like you haven't updated us all day it's
evening now last time we saw you it was
the morning and you'd be correct but you
see I am tired I worked all afternoon
and then I had a super vision that was
like over two hours long I'm normally
the one hour this one was over two hours
and it was a long time especially with
all the work I've been doing in the day
cuz obviously I was really productive in
the roost this morning then I was paying
attention in my lectures and then I
worked hard this afternoon then I had
this over to our long super and now I'm
just done I really am I think I'm gonna
venture out of my room and find people
who also want to give up on work this
evening and socialize with friends for
maybe half an hour or so I hope people
will socialize with me please everyone
works so much these days like it's to be
expected because you know exams are
approaching I have got a supervision
tomorrow on a Saturday that came Britta
life do you know what actually I'll take
the supervision tomorrow over boy I've
caught on Saturday next week because
Saturday next week I've gone exam I
really don't want to be doing an example
a Saturday there are many things I'd
much rather be doing on a Saturday hello
everyone so the whole staircase is going
to brunch
Oh tim has a connection with the car so
those who are new to the blogs what we
do on Saturdays is we go to brunch
it's the done thing the college runs
brunch they do bacon eggs mushrooms
bread they might have pastries they
might have fruit I'm so excited
I've forgotten my glasses but hopefully
I'll be able to see everything I'll just
have like a extra close look at
everything and it'll be fine
I got so many mushrooms today I'm so
happy so did like an hour or so work
maybe an hour and a half's work then I
had an hour long supervision the amount
of content is ridiculous my supervisor
said to us in our supervision today so
you've learned all this stuff on
condensed matter which is our latest
module in four weeks my supervisors
German and he was like in Germany we
normally teach it over the course of 16
weeks and you've learnt it in four weeks
and that just sums up Cambridge doesn't
it really it's just it's intense
so intense portion and now what you see
here is what they call someone explain
to me
Cal has let me down today okay massive I
just said goodbye to my friends but I
don't know whether to go get them that's
pathetic okay I can deal with a spider
I'm not pathetic come on Paige okay now
I tell you what I hate people so I'm
just gonna go get something help me sort
out I can't deal with that
that's massive that's just that's just
not even funny hey guys so it's the
evening I've been to calf calf was so
good today
like literally chocolate and salted
caramel brownies like they clearly knew
that I needed some sort of boost today
because you know revision is all just
getting too much a bit tired of it I'm
also thinking at the moment actually
I've only got a few weeks of this left I
am just gonna go back to work for the
evening now and I think I'm gonna end
the vlog here because my evenings not
gonna be that interesting just before I
end this video I'm just gonna kind of
run you through what I'm doing with my
uploads at the moment so by the time
this vlog goes up I will have finished
my exams when you're watching this I'm
done whoo-hoo future page we'll be
partying when you're watching this
there's basically a bit of a time today
it's what I'm saying so I'm sorry about
that but it's just the way I've had to
do it to make sure I keep getting videos
out every week but I'm gonna get back on
it with the editing as soon as my exams
are over
I hope you're enjoying the videos at the
moment I'll see you soon with another
video make sure you like make sure you
subscribe like I'm here doing my exams
at least you can do is like and
subscribe follow me on Instagram and
yeah see you later thanks for watching
bye
[Music]